docs(hooks): add hooks doc onInit useDefaultProps and add import (#1033)
BuilderIO/mitosis: docs/hooks.md

The useStyle hook can be used to add extra CSS to your component.

```jsx
import { useStyle } from '@builder.io/mitosis';

export default function MyComponent(props) {
  useStyle(`
    button {
      font-size: 12px;
      outline: 1px solid black;
    }
  `);

  return (
    <button
      css={{
        background: 'blue',
        color: 'white',
      }}
      type="button"
    >
      Button
    </button>
  );
}
```

> And useStyle can also use outside component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useStyle` can also be used outside of the component's body:
```

```jsx
import { useStyle } from '@builder.io/mitosis';

export default function MyComponent(props) {
  return <button type="button">Button</button>;
}

useStyle(`
  button {
    background: blue;
    color: white;
    font-size: 12px;
    outline: 1px solid black;
  }
`);
```

## onInit

> The onInit hook is the best place to put custom code to execute before the component mounts, it is executed earlier than the onmount hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `onInit` hook is the best place to put custom code to execute before the component mounts. It is executed before the `onMount` hook.
```

  return <div />;
}
```

## useDefaultProps

> The useDefaultProps hook is set default values for the props.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `useDefaultProps` hook sets default values for a component's props:
```
